1. Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:
    -Making coffee;
      FUNCTION make coffee
        Gather items needed
        Insert coffee filter in machine
        Measure out coffee
        Put coffee into the machine
        Measure out water
        Put water into the machine
        Turn machine on and let run
        Place coffee in cup
      END

    -Washing dishes;
      FUNCTION wash dishes
        Place dishes in sink
        Put soap on dishes
        IF scrubbing is required
          THEN scrub dishes
          THEN rinse dishes
        ELSE
          rinse dishes
        END IF
        Dry dishes with towel
      END

    -A choice of your own.
      FUNCTION cook eggs
        Gather ingredients
        Turn on stove
        IF making scrambled eggs
          THEN whip eggs, dump in pan, stir in pan
        ELSE
          crack egg in pan
        Flip eggs
        Place eggs from pan to plate
      END

2. As with the knot algorithm, there may be more than one way to solve the problem. It is essential to try to pick the best algorithm for a situation. Name three companies
who created an algorithm that made them successful, e.g., Google's search algorithm. It doesn't need to be a tech example (such as a recipe or manufacturing a product).
Google's algorithm produces more relevant results than other search engines; what about each of your cases make them stand out?
    1. Netflix-They use an algorithm that predicts what movies/TV shows you will enjoy. They stand out because they are able to successfully pick out things that a consumer
    would find interesting, and this draws a user in to their available movies/TV shows.
    2. Facebook-They use an algorithm to find friends that you might know. They stand out because they are able to connect people with others they may not otherwise be in
    contact with and it is appealing to be able to communicate easily with others.
    3. UPS-They use algorithms to determine best routes. This leads to success because they are able to reduce fuel/overhead costs and also deliver packages at a faster
    rate.

3. Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.
  An efficient algorithm will not go through steps that are unnecessary. In other words, it will go through the simplest and most logical path to accomplish what it is
  looking to accomplish. It will also ensure that the results yielded are accurate and performed correctly.
